Extend Hero heading and description (#684)
primer/brand: .changeset/loud-ties-reply.md

---

> '@primer/react-brand': patch
> ---
> 
> Extend Hero heading and description

Reviewer: Let's call out the importance of checking for hero regressions after this upgrade...

```suggestion
'@primer/react-brand': minor
---

Extend `Hero.Heading` and `Heading.Description` length.

> **Warning**
> This change can lead to reduced contrast in certain situations. Please manually review all instances of the `Hero` - particularly those that use a background image - to ensure that minimum contrast requirements are met. 
```
